---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Timeline/Dates/177 NE/"}
---

- [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Ignitus d'Vitali\|Ignitus d'Vitali]] kills his mother, [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Flora Sortiz\|Flora Sortiz]], after discovering she murdered his family.

- 36th of Yrmorn
	- [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Ignitus d'Vitali\|Ignitus d'Vitali]] has a set of twins with his childhood friend, [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/Nahl\|Nahl]]. It was a difficult birth, so they agree to name them the next day.
		- Wife and twins later slain.

- 37th of Yrmorn
	- The leader of Revantum Nova goes missing. Ignitus D’Vitali departs to track him down.
- 42nd of Yrmorn
	- Ignitus allegedly finds the mayor in a fortress of goblins. He is able to trick the goblins into giving the mayor back by fooling them into believing he is supported by a near by military.
	- The Mayor promises to name a rare local tree in his honor. And also promises to put to law that the D’Vitali family will always be held in high regard by the city. The tree is called [[1.Ambryn/Flora/Arbor D’Vitalus\|Arbor D’Vitalus]].
- 43rd of Yrmorn
	- Ignitus returns to his home to find his wife slain in their den and their twin boys slain in their crib.
	- He immediately leaves to track down the potential murderer.
- 5th of Ymwake
	- [[Locations/Regions/Velum Custodia/Bal Ascetica/Settlements/Bryn Chalice/Bryn Chalice\|Bryn Chalice]] monarchy comes to an end when [[1.Ambryn/Subdeities, Eldritch Beings, Legendary Figures, and Creatures of Renown/Prince Varnas\|Prince Varnas]] and a Yuan Yi priestess of [[1.Ambryn/Pantheon/Cognitions/Yf\|Yf]] named [[1.Ambryn/Subdeities, Eldritch Beings, Legendary Figures, and Creatures of Renown/Alma\|Alma]] cross through the [[Locations/Regions/Velum Custodia/Bal Ascetica/God Gavel Arch/God Gavel Arch\|God Gavel Arch]] to confirm the fidelity of their love. Soon after, an ambush from an unknown group slays everybody present on the island at the time
- 20th of Ymwake
	- Construction on the [[Tomb of Varnas\|Tomb of Varnas]] begins. [[1.Ambryn/Subdeities, Eldritch Beings, Legendary Figures, and Creatures of Renown/Prince Varnas\|Prince Varnas]] and the Priestess [[1.Ambryn/Subdeities, Eldritch Beings, Legendary Figures, and Creatures of Renown/Alma\|Alma]] are laid to rest.
- 25th of Ymwake
	- Ignitus finds the murderer by a river and kills her. He brings her body back to Revantum Nova where he is told that her name was [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Flora Sortiz\|Flora Sortiz]], his mother.
