---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Timeline/Dates/340 NE/"}
---


- [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Noct d'Vitali\|Noct d'Vitali]] goes missing; [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Caius d'Vitali\|Caius d'Vitali]] returns with news of his death.

- 28th of Yrdrift
	- [[Locations/Regions/Kun Revantum/Kun Revantum Locations/Western Steppe/Sparechange/Sparechange\|Locations/Regions/Kun Revantum/Kun Revantum Locations/Western Steppe/Sparechange/Sparechange]], a prosperous but small town of Changelings, is attacked by secret militia.
	- The town was run by a noble named [[Characters/Bal Ascetica Characters/Foxglove\|Foxglove]] and their [[1.Ambryn/Pantheon/Cognitions/Yf\|Yf]]-worshipping wife, [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/Hemlock\|Hemlock]].
		- Foxglove died jumping in front of her eldest daughter, Tacet. An explosion sent splinters of the [[1.Ambryn/Flora/Arbor D’Vitalus\|Arbor D’Vitalus]]  in every direction. One large piece pierced her heart.
	- Most of the town was captured or killed that day. [[Characters/Bal Ascetica Characters/Tacet\|Tacet]] and her younger sister, [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/Myoot\|Myoot]], were some of the only survivors.

- 39th of Yrdrift
	- [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Caius d'Vitali\|Caius d'Vitali]] goes missing.

- 42nd of Yrdrift
	- [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Noct d'Vitali\|Noct d'Vitali]] goes missing when the dying [[1.Ambryn/Culture/Governments, Titles, Professions, and Positions of Office/Revantum Nova/Lord Mayor\|Lord Mayor]] sends him out to locate his brother, [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/d'Vitali Family/Caius d'Vitali\|Caius d'Vitali]]. Caius returns to [[Locations/Regions/Kun Revantum/Kun Revantum Settlements/Revantum Nova/Revantum Nova\|Revantum Nova]] and reports Noct’s death.

- 4th of Ymdrift
	- [[1.Ambryn/Culture/Governments, Titles, Professions, and Positions of Office/Revantum Nova/Lord Mayor\|Lord Mayor]] [[Characters/Kun Revantum Characters/Ilias Chandler\|Ilias Chandler]] is appointed mayor of Revantum Nova. He chooses to hire Caius D’Vitali into a permanent position as [[1.Ambryn/Culture/Governments, Titles, Professions, and Positions of Office/Revantum Nova/High Captain\|High Captain]] of the [[1.Ambryn/Culture/Factions/Kun Revantum Factions/Sky Garrison\|Sky Garrison]], a position previously held by Noct d’Vitali.