---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Locations/Regions/Velum Custodia/Bal Ascetica/Bal Ascetica/"}
---

Bal Ascetica is a region located on the continent of Velum Custodia. It is a land of magic, shaped by magical phenomena long ago. Its culture, and former prosperity, can be attributed to three sacred sites where magical leylines intersect. One in Aspirhedge, one in Augurport, and one under Silvertooth Spire in Dragonmaw Canyon. It was the first region to be walked by sentient creatures when the first people, Triton, emerged from their undersea home of Bryn Chalice. Noticing that the lands were rife with strange new resources, the Triton shaped figures out of clay and prayed to their Eidolon, Bryn Atomos, to bestow new peoples with sentience. Thus humanity was born. But the origins of other peoples remain a mystery to most.   The region is suffering. A catastrophe ushered in the Age of Mourning for the region, as destruction channeled the sea across Bal Ascetica’s idyllic lands, washing away multiple settlements. With those settlements, profound and developed magic and knowledge disappeared. Worsening the region’s circumstances was the sudden manifestation of a wall of toxic radiance that the people of Augurport deemed “The Blight.” Its origin, or source of power, is unclear to seemingly everyone, including Augurport, which has long been known for its people’s prowess in divination. What is known, for certain, is that the blight appeared in the same moment the land was reshaped and claimed by the waters.  

**Bal Ascetica**

[Open full size](/w/ambr-yn-jacklerogue89/map/868bc043-dcb9-4fb0-8822-033868014d6e)

Bal Ascetica is a region located on the continent of **Velum Custodia**. It is a land of magic, shaped by magical phenomena long ago. Its culture, and former prosperity, can be attributed to three sacred sites where magical leylines intersect. One in **Aspirhedge**, one in [Augurport](/w/ambr-yn-jacklerogue89/a/augurport-settlement) , and one under **Silvertooth Spire** in **Dragonmaw Canyon**.  
It was the first region to be walked by sentient creatures when the first people, Triton, emerged from their undersea home of **Bryn Chalice**. Noticing that the lands were rife with strange new resources, the Triton shaped figures out of clay and prayed to their **Eidolon**, Bryn Atomos(character), to bestow new peoples with sentience. Thus humanity was born. But the origins of other peoples remain a mystery to most.   The region is suffering. A catastrophe ushered in the Age of Mourning for the region, as destruction channeled the sea across Bal Ascetica’s idyllic lands, washing away multiple settlements. With those settlements, profound and developed magic and knowledge disappeared. Worsening the region’s circumstances was the sudden manifestation of a wall of toxic radiance that the people of Augurport deemed “The Blight.” Its origin, or source of power, is unclear to seemingly everyone, including Augurport, which has long been known for its people’s prowess in divination. What is known, for certain, is that the blight appeared in the same moment the land was reshaped and claimed by the waters. The various settlements, ubiquitously refined and advanced in the arcane arts in previous eras, have diverged from one another culturally as attitudes, behaviors, stakes, and demands of life radically shifted.   Piracy is common here, as resources are not. There is a firm rule, however: do no harm to your fellow Bal Ascetican. Watch towers around the area, and a network of sending stones, report to nearby ships when vessels from other lands encroach on the territory. Then it’s a race to see who can plunder the invaders first.   The year is now 475 SC, a decade since the horrific enigma brought the area to ruin. Most of its ancient stonework, once brilliant, lies in ruin. But the magical potency remains and the settlements work together to reclaim ancient knowledge and reform their society. It’s a staggering challenge, as one archive of knowledge disappeared with a City of Clerics without a trace. Still, hope persists. Bal Asceticans persist.

      The various settlements, ubiquitously refined and advanced in the arcane arts in previous eras, have diverged from one another culturally as attitudes, behaviors, stakes, and demands of life radically shifted.   Piracy is common here, as resources are not. There is a firm rule, however: do no harm to your fellow Bal Ascetican. Watch towers around the area, and a network of sending stones, report to nearby ships when vessels from other lands encroach on the territory. Then it’s a race to see who can plunder the invaders first.   The year is now 475 New Era, a decade since the horrific enigma brought the area to ruin. Most of its ancient stonework, once brilliant, lies in ruin. But the magical potency remains and the settlements work together to reclaim ancient knowledge and reform their society. It’s a staggering challenge, as one archive of knowledge, Canto Elysium Academy, disappeared without a trace. Still, hope persists. Bal Asceticans persist.

- Messages between the Bal Ascetican city states are often carried by trained Wyverns.
- Things that are considered rare and valuable in this location include:
	- Tomees
	- Old Works of Literature
	- Flowers from the Lunargown Temple
	- Curest that treat those affected by the Blight, sometimes referred to as [[Lightsick Folk\|Lightsick Folk]] .
	- [[1.Ambryn/Culture/Drugs and Poisons/Body modification potions\|Body modification potions]].