---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Locations/Regions/Astral Space/Astral Deep/"}
---


The city is a port town where there is a lot of trade. It used to be owned by an Empire but gained its freedom 40 years ago in a rebellion. As part of the treaty of peace after the rebellion, the city agreed to allow various nations, all of whom are members of a United Nations-style organization called the Astral Alliance, to set up embassies in the citystate of Astral Deep. Additionally, there are areas in free space near Astral Deep that are shared locations for members of the Astral Alliance. One of these is a pilot and soldier academy where different nations train pilots, magitechnical scientists, and other things. As for the government of the free City State of Astral Deep, it was, for most of its history, a democratic society that would elect people to a position similar to mayors. These leaders were frequently old heroes from the rebellion. As time went on, the City came under the influence of a confederacy of pirates -- three distinct armadas of space pirates, each run by a different captain. They offer "protection" to the city of Astral Deep, but this is "protection" in the underhanded, tongue-in-cheek sense typically associated with mobs than actual protection. These pirate crews see Astral Deep as a good resource to have but, more than that, they see the fact that it is a trade city and major port as an opportunity. Because lots of beings travel there, not all of whom are protected by the Astral Alliance, they can force people to pay tolls. They can also attack ships and cover it up. In a way, they are glorified highway men with a lot of power. In order to grow their power, instead of waste it fighting for control against other pirates, they formed this confederacy of pirate nations with one another. They have divided the astral space around Astral Deep into three sections, wedges of space, called Trisectors, and these sections represent each of their respective turf, with the exception being the small spaces, planetoids, and aircraft-esque Spelljammer Dreadnoughts operated by the Astral Alliance. The aesthetic of this town is inspired by Treasure Planet, as well as the Final Fantasy game series.." The technology that powers most of the city and vehicles is magical in nature, somewhere between steam punk and solar punk, with an even mixture of things that appear old and things that appear new. Things can be very esoteric in design. Power sources include elemental magics, magical crystals, magical creatures providing manual labor, and rifts in space that leak energy.