---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Locations/Regions/Velum Custodia/Bal Ascetica/Settlements/Canto Elysium/Canto Elysium/"}
---

Canto Elysium Academy was a place for anyone and everyone with an interest in studying arcana, even if they weren’t particularly adept at it themselves. Thanks to a concentration of magic, called the Aethertear, where arcane currents flowed together into a pool of mana, even the least naturally gifted could begin their road to mastery, assuming they didn’t mind a little bit of chaos that can come from manipulating spells near such a potent source. This unpredictability was something to master, and the researchers at the university were able to use this extra force to craft new spells and conjure spells that were previously unthinkable, assuming they adhered to the academy’s strict guidelines around these practices.  
The Aethertear was something to be guarded, just as it was something to be cherished.  
  There is now a crater where the Academy once was, and time and space has warped around it. Twisted forms, temporal anomalies, and strange creatures pose a problem to anybody who seeks out the former school. Most of the knowledge possessed by the Bal Ascetica region was secured here and returning to the region’s former glory could require that someone solve the mystery of its disappearance.  
When it was still around, the University consisted of six campuses spread over three hundred acres of land. In the middle stood a massive statue of the Dreamers holding a crystalline tear drop toward the heavens. Inside the statue was a massive library, contained within a pocket dimension that facilitated the collection of unthinkable quantities of tomes. Time slowed in there, too, meaning students could study for exams for incredible amounts of time, if they were so inclined. And researchers would dive into the archives for years of their lives, to emerge later, older, and ready to qualify as Mage Emeritus.  
  Canto Elysium’s Mage Emeriti often elected to take up residence in settlements across Ambr’yn to help guide the use of magic in the world, as they studied its implications. For the last decade, now, they’ve had nowhere to report back to, nor have they had anybody to hold them accountable.  
  Education at Canto Elysium Academy often begins with a student being assigned two counselors, each preaching a different side of a duality — the same sort of duality the various Eidolons represent. In navigating conflicting advice from the two counselors, students are taught critical thinking. At least, that was always the intention.