---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/1.Ambryn/Epistolary/Domino Finch, Founder/"}
---

Finch stood on the dock and looked out at the destruction. It wasn’t as ugly as you would think, and the smell of the air mixed with the tranquil song of the river to produce a sensation that contrasted with the horror. Finch didn’t know how he survived, and he didn’t know if he was alone.  Behind him, the swamp stretched into flooded forest, trees slumped in defeat, until their ranks swelled and rose tall upon the hills. Life could endure, but what of the other settlements? And what was that staggering brightness obscuring the horizon? He turned back toward the sea, which had encroached past its usual shores. Finch felt ghosts at his side, undeniably, and he felt their company serve as a salve. They were, surely, feeling what he was. But they had glimpsed the afterlife, perhaps, and Finch had to operate on faith alone. Granted, faith was what fueled his notion that there were ghosts beside him in the first place. Finch thought of returning home, across the sea, to his home continent and to his home city of Revantum Nova, but he couldn’t fit in there. He didn’t fit in, even before he was forced to flee, but the knowledge he stumbled upon when he was there made him a wanted man with a price on his head. And the consequence of that knowledge, and his secrecy or skepticism, was why his new home was in shambles, pieces of homes, bones, and dreams washing from river to waves to oblivion. In his head, he put a price on the Mayor’s head. The city was the initial subject of his fury, but the citizens there were ignorant to the real machinations of war. It was the leaders, as always, who were in charge, and the Lord Mayor was at the top. Lord Mayor Illias Chandler. Naming the problem is step one.  A plank washed up to his feet and brushed against his ankle. It was then that he realized he was standing in knee-deep water. He was only partially there. His mind was scattered, sensing everything, but broadly rather than deeply, swaddled in his surroundings as his mind raced from present to future to past and back again. Madness. 1He was on the shores of madness. But he didn’t have the privilege to give in. One day he’d allow the waves to take him to the depths, but he had a job now. A responsibility. To make a home, to provide refuge, and to spread the word. Finch was right handed. He picked up the plank with left hand. His only hand.  “Welcome,” read the sign. 